h1. Textile Changelog

h2. Version 3.0.3
* BUGFIX: Improve handling code block following extended p block ("#63":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/pull/63)

h2. Version 3.0.2
* BUGFIX: Fix for multiple multi-line paragraphs. ("#62":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/pull/62)

h2. Version 3.0.1
* BUGFIX: Fix improper handling of extended code blocks. ("#61":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/pull/61)

h2. Version 3.0.0
* Drop support for Python 2.6 and 3.2.
* Update to the current version of html5lib
* Bugfixes:
** Fix handling of HTML entities in extended pre blocks. ("#55":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/55)
** Empty definitions in definition lists raised an exception ("#56":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/56)
** Fix handling of unicode in img attributes ("#58":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/58)

h2. Version 2.3.16
* Bugfixes:
** Fix processing of extended code blocks ("#50":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/50)
** Don't break when links fail to include "http:" ("#51":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/51)
** Better handling of poorly-formatted tables ("#52":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/52)

h2. Version 2.3.15
* Bugfix: Don't break on unicode characters in the fragment of a url.

h2. Version 2.3.14
* Bugfix: Fix textile on Python 2.6 ("#48":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/48)

h2. Version 2.3.13
* Remove extraneous arguments from textile method. These were originally added long ago to work with django, but markup languages are long gone from django.
* Bugfix: Don't mangle percent-encoded URLs so much. ("#45":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/45)
* Bugfix: More fixes for poorly-formatted lists. ("#46":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/46)
* Bugfix: Improve handling of whitespace in pre-formatted blocks. This now matches php-textile's handling of pre blocks much more closely. ("#47":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/47)

h2. Version 2.3.12
* Bugfix: Don't die on pre blocks with unicode characters. ("#43":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/43)
* Bugfix: Fix regressions introduced into the code between 2.2.2 and 2.3.11. (Special thanks to "@adam-iris":https://github.com/adam-iris for providing pull request "#44":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/pull/44)
* Bugfix: Don't just die when processing poorly-formatted textile lists. ("#37":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/37)
* Add Python 3.6 to testing.
* Add a "print the version string and exit" argument to the cli tool: @pytextile -v@

h2. Version 2.3.11
* Bugfix: Don't strip leading dot from image URIs ("#42":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/42)

h2. Version 2.3.10
* Packaging: cleanup in MANIFEST.IN leads to better linux packaging, and smaller wheel size.

h2. Version 2.3.9
* Packaging: remove extraneous files from the source distribution upload.
* Remove a lingering file from a feature branch for overhauling list handling.  This brings coverage back up to 100%

h2. Version 2.3.8
* Bugfix: Fix process of string containing only whitespaces ("#40":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/40)
* Bugfix: Fix process of formatted text after lists ("#37":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/37)
* Test: Use sys.executable instead of 'python' to test the CLI ("#38":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/38)

h2. Version 2.3.7
* Bugfix: Don't assume pytest is available to be imported in setup.py ("#39":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/39)

h2. Version 2.3.6
* Packaging: @tests@ directory is correctly included in source-tarball. ("#33":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/33)

h2. Version 2.3.5
* Bugfix: Correctly handle unicode text in url query-strings. ("#36":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/36)

h2. Version 2.3.4
* Bugfix: fix an issue with extended block code
* Remove misplaced shebang on non-callable files.
* Packaging: Add test-command to setup.py directly.
* Packaging: Included the tests/ directory for source-tarballs, useful for packaging checks. ("#33":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/33)
* Add a cli tool @pytextile@ which takes textile input and prints html output.  See @pytextile -h@ for details.

h2. Version 2.3.3
* Bugfix: Unicode in URL titles no longer break everything ("#30":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/30)
* Display DeprecationWarning when using textile on Python 2.6.

h2. Version 2.3.2
* Bugfix: properly handle @":"@ as text, not a link.

h2. Version 2.3.1
* Regression bugfix: empty string input returns empty string again.

h2. Version 2.3.0

* Bugfixes:
** Support data URIs in img tags
** Fix autolink urls with image references ("#17":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/17)
** Fix textile links containing parentheses ("#20":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/20)
** Fix double-encoding of code blocks ("#21":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/21)
** Fix handling of scheme in self-linked URLs ("#16":https://github.com/textile/python-textile/issues/16)
** Fix Markup not parsed if followed by certain characters ("#22":Markup not parsed if followed by certain characters)
* Convert testing over to "py.test":http://pytest.org/, improving unicode testing
* Update functionality for tables, notelists, and footnotes.  This involved a major reworking of parts of the code, but it should now match php-textile and txstyle.org precisely.  Please file an issue for any bugs you come across.
* Remove @head_offset@ option from parse.  I'm not sure it ever existed in php-textile.

h2. Version 2.2.2

* bugfix: "regex":https://pypi.python.org/pypi/regex is now an optional dependency

h2. Version 2.2.1

* drop textilefactory support for html.
* Various development-related bugfixes.
* Added this changelog.

h2. Version 2.2.0

* Started refactoring the code to be less repetitive.  @textile.Textile().parse()@ is a little more friendly than @textile.Textile().textile()@  There may be more work to be done on this front to make the flow a little smoother.
* We now support versions 2.6 - 3.4 (including 3.2) using the same codebase.  Many thanks to Radek Czajka for this.
* Drop support for html4.  We now only output xhtml or html5.
* Various development-related bugfixes.

h2. Version 2.1.8

* Add support for html5 output.
* Lots of new functionality added bringing us in line with the official Textile 2.4
